Fix aave not showing (#5124)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`5124` Fix missing history events in menu Defi > Deposits > Protocols.

Reviewer: Will change this in my PR to bugfixes

```suggestion
* :bug:`5124` The history for defi deposits will now show the events for all the protocols.
```
